---
published: false
layout: post
title: "Into Bosnia..."
date: 2012-06-20 01:14
comments: true
categories: 
    - travel
    - honeymoon
    - croatia
mapping:
    layers:
        - http://api.flickr.com/services/feeds/photoset.gne?set=72157630265284254&nsid=45105880@N00&lang=en-us&georss=1
        - https://raw.github.com/throughnothing/gpx/master/2012/20120620.gpx
---

{% render_map %}

Today we had no choice but to get an early start.  We signed up for an all day
tour to Mostar, Bosnia, and the van picked us up around 8am.  Before we knew it
we were on our way with Anthony, our tour guide and driver.

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7263/7432522172_a19b75725c_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7271/7432523680_bf06e89876_c.jpg %}

Anthony was very funny, and very talkative, but he quickly determined that us
tourists were too tired and too quiet this morning, so he decided to make a pit
stop to let us all try a Croatian pick-me-up called 'grapas'.

{% img https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5279/7432536294_32a610799c_c.jpg %}

It tasted pretty much like rubbing alcohol!  But luckily they brought out some
fresh grapefruit juice to wash it down with.  Anthony said 1 grapas will wake
you up, 2 will maybe put you to sleep!  Angelle didn't drink hers, and I didn't
want to be rude, so 2 it was for me.  Luckily I didn't fall asleep....just yet.

Our first official stop for the day was in Medjugorje.  This stop wasn't at all
the main reason we decided on this tour, but we figured it would be an added
bonus.

{% img https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8018/7432545692_296d0c85e8_c.jpg %}

We arrived to hoards and hoards of people surrounding the church in the midst of
an italian mass.

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7114/7432543046_e0217ce252_c.jpg %}

It was incredibly hot today, the hottest day so far, and there was no way to get
into the church because it was completely packed.  There was constant chanting
being blared through the megaphones so that everyone in the outside pews could
hear what was going on, and there were just people everywhere, praying, buying
trinkets and souvenirs, and just trying to stay in the shade.

Angelle and I walked around for a bit, but couldn't handle all the noise, the
people, and the heat, so we decided to just find a spot in the shade and wait to
get back on the van.

{% img https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5112/7432553824_f54ff5d155_b.jpg %}

Finally back on the van (with AC roaring), our next stop was Mostar, the main
event for the trip.  Mostar had been destroyed and heavily bombed in the 1990's.
There is a symbolic bridge that connects 2 sides of the city that was destroyed.
The bridge separated the Muslim part of the community from the Christian part,
and the reconstruction of the bridge was symbolic of the peace and co-operation
amongst the people of both faiths in Mostar, and Bosnia as a whole.

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7126/7432566950_edb3b06bb3_c.jpg "Remnants of war" %}

Before going to the bridge, we got lunch at a wonderful restaurant overlooking
the river right near the bridge itself.  As hot as it was, at least this
restaurant had a shaded outside with a little breeze.  I was excited to try the
"meat fingers", a traditional Bosnian dish of meat strips with 3 or 4 kinds of
meat wrapped in pita bread, normally served with potatoes.

{% img https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5160/7432581424_5b6fa7dd2f_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8159/7432586838_0350d7b24e_c.jpg %}

Delicious!  Time to head to the bridge.

{% img https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5311/7432578382_5d10288ed6_c.jpg "The Mostar Bridge" %}

The bridge was pretty awesome to see.  From the bridge you could see both sides
of the city, with mosque's on one side, and churches on the other.

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7257/7432592044_51d2ace843_c.jpg %}

There were lots of locals swimming in the river, and in the days heat (we were
told it got to 115F that day!) it looked incredibly enticing!

{% img https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8017/7432595682_c3f5a9250a_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8025/7432603634_2da0cac249_c.jpg %}

We think this guy was going to jump, but some locals went and talked him out of
it!

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7260/7432606482_b19a1675ed_c.jpg %}

We had a little extra time after seeing the bridge, but it was so hot, we just
got an ice cream and waited in the shade.

The final stop on our tour was an oyster stop back in Croatia.  Croatia is known
for having some of the best oysters around, and they have a few famous bays
where the water is perfect for breeding oysters.  We stopped right in the heart
of one of these bays, and were able to try oysters pulled right out of the
water.  I'm not a fan of oysters, but I had to try a fresh Croatian oyster right
out of the water!

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7254/7432615708_840ca18e85_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7135/7432616736_125d84e2ce_c.jpg %}

I don't know if I would say it was delicious, but I would certainly do it again!

One quick photo stop on the way back by the bridge leading into the main
Dubrovnik harbor to get pictures of the gorgeous panoramic view with perfect
afternoon lighting.

{% img https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5442/7432630754_1fe75ee19d_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5039/7432633728_fd4542120e_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8004/7432628224_93ac2863b8_b.jpg %}

Back home, and as exhausted as we were, we had to eat.  We decided to try
"Mimosa" across the street from the hotel as we had read good things about it,
and heard that it was relatively cheap.

{% img https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5315/7432640002_2f2058457b_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8008/7432642870_e3d385695d_c.jpg %}

{% img https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7115/7432641374_7e0e4b1eb0_c.jpg %}

We ended up getting the pre-set menus, which came with soup, salad, entre, and
dessert for a very reasonable price.  Maybe the best deal we've found yet!
