---
published: false
layout: post
title: "3 Island Tour"
date: 2012-06-22 01:14
comments: true
categories: 
    - travel
    - honeymoon
    - croatia
mapping:
    layers:
        - http://api.flickr.com/services/feeds/photoset.gne?set=72157630266449136&nsid=45105880@N00&lang=en-us&georss=1
        - https://raw.github.com/throughnothing/gpx/master/2012/20120622.gpx
---

{% render_map %}

Today was a more relaxed, later start.  We caught the van from the hotel around
10:30 and then headed to the main port of Dubrovnik to catch a boat for our
three island tour.  The tour is to take us around the islands of Kolcep, Lopud,
and Sipan.  From what we've been told, Lopud has one of the nicest sandy beaches
in Dubrovnik, so we were excited to hopefully have some time to relax and get
some sun on a sandy beach.

We arrived at the port pretty quickly, and the boat was ready for us to board
and we were pretty quickly on our way.  Little did we know we'd have to wait a
good 30 minutes at our first stop (in the blistering sun) to pick up more (late)
guests.  This was probably the hottest day of our trip so far, and there was
hardly a cloud in the sky, but baking in the hot sun wasn't the most fun thing
to do for 30 minutes.

After we finally had the rest of the crew aboard, we were moving once again, and
the breeze felt great.

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7135/7433070278_d3ac17969c_c.jpg %}

Our first island ended up being Lopud.  We were hoping
it would be second, to catch it later in the afternoon and not be there for the
hottest part of the day, but it turns out we got to be there just for the
hottest part of the day!  When we docked, we discovered that the sandy beach was
on the opposite side of the island, so we'd have to take a 20 Kuna 'taxi' (golf
cart) to the other side (each way!).

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7120/7433087352_9fff28202a_c.jpg %}

We arrived to the beach and quickly realized why so many people come here.  It
was gorgeous blue water, and nice sandy beach.  There were tons of boats off
shore too...it seems everybody knows where to go!

{% img http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5116/7433114944_f41d993e86_c.jpg %}

{% img http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5312/7433113808_20db7b8a5b_c.jpg %}

As we walked down to the beach, the heat began to set in, and we realized we
were going to need an umbrella, so we started to try to figure out how to get
one as we walked onto the beach, and quickly found out that the sand was
*scorching* hot.  Too hot to walk on.  We jumped back to the stairs leading to
the sand and found the guy selling the umbrellas, got him to set one up for us,
and then *ran* to our chairs and jumped on them.  I looked around and saw that
everyone else was running and tip-toeing as quick as they could across the sand
from place to place.  We couldn't believe how hot the sand was, and we were
quickly glad we got the umbrella.  We would have burned alive without it.

{% img http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8158/7433101406_10222b1704_c.jpg %}

After relaxing a little bit in our small square of shade, we decided to try to
run down to the water and see how it felt.

{% img http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8019/7433111970_725970ffcc_c.jpg %}

The water was incredibly refreshing and felt absolutely perfect on a hot day
like this!

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7260/7433105764_75074cb0a2_c.jpg %}

After a little refresher in the water, it was time to eat.  Even though we knew
they were going to serve us lunch on the boat, we were so hungry, and it was so
hot, that we couldn't wait.  

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7114/7433096418_1fb507edec_c.jpg %}

{% img http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5449/7433097914_264b09ee3a_c.jpg %}

Some more lounging around under the shade of our umbrella, and it was,
unfortunately, about time to head back to the boat.  As we were getting ready,
angelle realized one of her flip-flops had broken.  The cloth between the toes
pulled through the top and would not go back in.  This wasn't very convenient
since the sand was so incredibly hot, she needed something to walk on just to
get off the beach without burning her feet!

Cleverly, she managed to (temporarily) fix her flip-flop with a carabener I had
in my backpack.  Behold:

{% img http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8159/7433125028_72b1dd8b1a_c.jpg %}

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7266/7433123382_d606c9f51c_c.jpg %}

This got Angelle off the beach successfully, and lasted us until the next island
(Sipan) where we could pick up a new pair of flip-flops for her.

{% img http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8028/7433152688_3cd2ff509a_c.jpg %}

Sipan was filled with more gorgeous water, but most of the coast that we saw was
pretty rocky.

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7131/7433151214_2c9a4cf310_c.jpg %}

We slowly walked our way down to one of the rock beaches, and
found another couple from Spain that was on our boat going for a swim.  It was
so hot that I decided to get in the water here, too.  The couple from Spain was
snorkeling, and they offered me an extra mask and snorkel, and before long I was
a ways off the coast, checking out the coral and the fish below.  It's been a
while since I had snorkeled, but its really relaxing and enjoyable.  You can
just float at the top of the surface and don't have to do much to stay moving
and stay afloat.  It was a lot of fun.

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7260/7433147092_74d9b489ee_c.jpg %}

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7258/7433154350_0dcdaab7c4_c.jpg %}

After a quick 20-30 minute snorkel session, it was time to head back to the boat
and on to our last island, Kolocep.

{% img http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7275/7433159934_3b5c2f1685_c.jpg %}

We were so exhausted from the heat and the walking around/swimming that we
didn't plan to do too much on Kolocep but relax.  We found a nice coffee shop,
got some capuccino and coke (Angelle, of course) and just relaxed in the breeze
right off the water. In hindsight, capuccina probably wasn't the best choice for
the heat, but it was good nonetheless.

{% img http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5451/7433179324_20be26d779_c.jpg %}

{% img http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5276/7433178092_86fd314576_c.jpg "Our Boat" %}

Once we loaded back onto the boat, the captain turned up the jams (they'd been
playing loud 80's music the whole time on the boat) and headed back to the
harbour.  We were exhausted and pretty much headed back to the hotel and called
it a day!

{% img http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8159/7433185898_11e24d5a88_c.jpg %}

{% img http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5453/7433183792_c19179174d_c.jpg %}
